Hey, you wanna come in?
Move over, and here I come
Last time was just a warm-up umm
This time, it’s for real party
Stay out of this if you can’t handle it yeah
Gosh, you must feel tight
Let it all go and enjoy yourself to the full, everyone
Turn off the light and light up your eyes all night
Stop hiding your excitement and let it all out
I’ll walk out that door to see everything I wanted
I can hear the music playing on the other side of the door
I shout my lungs out, I don’t
have time to hesitate
Hey
Come inside now
Authorized personnel only here back door
If you want to be authorized
Ey I guess this is it
It’s time to think ready to go
This body suffered enough from having a bad owner
I’ll make it up to you, so follow follow me back door
It’s okay since it’s not SECOM
The sound that I’m hearing is a fanfare
Let’s play all night long, what I need is more caffeine
Come if you want, the passcode is Open Sesame
Everything looks different, and at this moment, everything turns out to be perfect
I’m watching my fantasy unfold before my eyes
I shout my lungs out, I don’t
have time to hesitate
Hey
Come inside now
Authorized personnel only here back door
If you want to be authorized
knock knock
Lights out
Yeah it is getting more glamorous as time passes
Yeah we gon’ do it right now, do it right now baby
Come to your senses from now on
Look at this world and keep it in your eyes
Your heart pounds rum pum pum pum
Make ‘em say wow, wow, wow, yeah
Bring ‘em all, all, all, ey
Sing along, along, along, hey
3 2 1
Authorized personnel only here back door
If you want to be authorized
knock knock
The bell rings and we go crazy
Today, we do our thang again
Tonight, I bark again ey
The bell rings and we go crazy
Today, we do our thang again
Hey, you wanna come in?